Can you ask her the main important things
that she would consider when trying to
build a scalable app as far as
like implementing new features and
a bigger app?
>> I think the the core thing to think
about is your folder structure and,
setting up your app layout to scale,
if that makes sense?
So for example, these things here,
so technically,
I could have [INAUDIBLE] a navigation,
Technically I could have just added
everything in one app TSX
it would have worked.
So the reason for pulling all of these out
so each screen has its own component and
each Navigator has its own
component is to make it scalable.
So that in a production app, so
in my current app that I'm building,
we have maybe 30 screens, or even more.
And because each of them
have their own screen,
it's easy to navigate between them.
And say for components kind of having
conventions in your code base is super,
super important.
So one of the things for
me is for components,
I like to have the component
directory as flat as possible.
So there's no nesting of like,
these are UI components or
like these are text components.
So These are button components
is completely flat, So
if someone gets on boarded
onto your code base,
they can just look at these components and
they know like, what's what's going on.
In terms of like scalability for,
like performance,
There's performance tracking tools on iOS,
on Xcode and Android.
They can help you track down memory
leaks and long running processes
In terms of data management
where things with context in
particular, is.
Basically, context will like,
all the components that listen
to your context,
when this context value changes,
all of these components that
are listening to it will rerender.
So you need to be kind of weary
when using context of only wrapping
the context around the parts
of the app that need it.
But also it's better to have lots of
small contexts than one huge one, Right?
So for example usually you'd have
a context ,provided just for
theming or just for authentication.
So even though in app,
in your main entry point, it might
create this pyramid layout which people
like joking about from a performance
point of view that's better than having
one context that has everything in it.